@ Workfloww or Task list

*** Feel free to make new branches to ease the works.

** Contributors are requested to add more tasks or add task details for existing tasks in this list.
**If it is felt to remove any task or modify please notify everyone by raising it in issues.



GENERAL:
Phisibility assesment, financial risk assessment.

Stakeholder analysis, Client marketing and alternative clients assessment for this app.
Who can use this app and why he/she will be interesred?
Marketing strategy development to attract big clients like government
and other co-operatives or corporates.

Marketing strategy:
Sponsors for this project should be collectsd.
Donations will be collected also.

This app will be sold and installed  in phase by phase and installed by area basis like if 
goverbment like to include any upojilla.

It can be sold to co-operative societies who whish to
collect and manage money collection.

Legal aspect and compeititor aspects.

Impact on housing market and overall impact on economy analysis.

SOFTWARE DEEVELOPMENT:

App for Money collection from mobile accounts
with permission of the acc holder and transfering it to CIHAC.
(For testing, any other account will be used instead of CIHAC before
government approval)

All security measures for users and collectors and government
to prevent any fraudulent activities from any party.

Simulation and testing of the app in small scale.

By testing we need to answer or predict the answers of
following questions-
-Could this app could sustain pressure of
mass users at a time?
As huge nos of users could be used at a time,
we need to take strategy to apply on small geographic 
areas such as upojilas at primary level and each area 
will have there own server to deal with the users nos of those areas. 
These servers then will be connected to secondary in district levels 
and to tersiary in division level, then finally to capital dervers.

Thus we can lessen pressure as well security of the softwares could be maintained well.

-Is this app well secured for any stakeholders?


-How it will manage any claim of dispute regarding money by any stakeholder?

-Could it produce instant banking statement for any user?

-What will be the server and backup server requirements?

-What about hard copies for statements or balance?






HARDWARE DEVELOPMENT:

A small server need to be installed. But if
initial testing could be done using local server
is an alternative too.








